clarifies license (#8857)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/configure-dbt-extension.md

- <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> installed
- Downloaded and installed the dbt VS Code extension
- Basic understanding of [Git workflows](/docs/cloud/git/version-control-basics) and [dbt project structure](/best-practices/how-we-structure/1-guide-overview)

> - [Developer or analyst license](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing)\* if you're using <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. Note, the Analyst license type is not available for new purchase.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Developer or analyst license](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing)\* if you're using <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. Note, the [Analyst license type](/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-user-access?version=1.12#licenses) is not available for new purchase.
```

> - [Developer or analyst license](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing)\* if you're using <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. Note, the Analyst license is not currently available for purchase.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Developer or analyst license](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing)\* if you're using <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. Note, the Analyst license type is not available for new purchase.
```
